README.md, before:

# SQL Data Analysis Projects

Compilation of SQL / PostgreSQL data analysis projects and challenges where I practice those skills

## Built with:

### SQL Languages
 - SQL
- PostgreSQL

### Tools
- pgAdmin
- DBeaver

### Visualization
- [Tableau](https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/suleenwong)

<br>

# Projects & Challenges

<!-- ## **[Online Movie Rental Database](Movie-Rental-Database/)**
- popularity of actors to decide which movies to purchase
- revenue of the last months to estimate budget for short term investments
- success across countries to decide market extensions
- longterm development of revenue -->

<!-- ## **[Online Sports Retail Revenue]()** -->

<!-- ## **[European Soccer Database] -->

## **[Covid deaths](Covid-Project/)**
PostgreSQL data analysis project using data from [https://ourworldindata.org/covid-deaths](https://ourworldindata.org/covid-deaths) to analyze countries and continents with
- highest death rate per population
- infection rate per population
- vaccinations per population

[Covid Dashboard 2022 in Tableau](https://public.tableau.com/views/CovidDashboard2022_16624086618860/Dashboard1?:language=en-US&:display_count=n&:origin=viz_share_link
)

<br>

## **[The World's Oldest Businesses](Worlds-Oldest-Businesses/)**
PostgreSQL data analysis project using data from BusinessFinancing.co.uk to examine:
- the world's oldest businesses: when were they founded, and which industries do they belong to?


<br>

## **[Analyzing USA Baby Name Trends](Analyzing-USA-Baby-Name-Trends/)**


PostgreSQL project for analyzing how American baby name tastes have changed since 1920
- classifying names as classic or trendy
- finding the top 10 male and female baby names overall
- finding top male and female name for each year
- which male name has been number one for the most number of years

Commit message:

readme with online sports retail

README.md, after:

# SQL Data Analysis Projects

Compilation of SQL / PostgreSQL data analysis projects and challenges where I practice those skills

## Built with:

### SQL Languages
 - SQL
- PostgreSQL

### Tools
- pgAdmin
- DBeaver

### Visualization
- [Tableau](https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/suleenwong)

<br>

# Projects & Challenges

<!-- ## **[Online Movie Rental Database](Movie-Rental-Database/)**
- popularity of actors to decide which movies to purchase
- revenue of the last months to estimate budget for short term investments
- success across countries to decide market extensions
- longterm development of revenue -->

<!-- ## **[Online Sports Retail Revenue]()** -->

<!-- ## **[European Soccer Database] -->

## **[Covid deaths](Covid-Project/)**
PostgreSQL data analysis project using data from [https://ourworldindata.org/covid-deaths](https://ourworldindata.org/covid-deaths) to analyze countries and continents with
- highest death rate per population
- infection rate per population
- vaccinations per population

[Covid Dashboard 2022 in Tableau](https://public.tableau.com/views/CovidDashboard2022_16624086618860/Dashboard1?:language=en-US&:display_count=n&:origin=viz_share_link
)

<br>
 
## **[Online Sports Retail Revenue](Online-Sports-Retail/)**
PostgreSQL project analyzing product data for an online sports retail company to optimize revenue.

[Online Sports Retail Revenue Dashboard in Tableau](https://public.tableau.com/views/OnlineSportsRetailRevenue/Dashboard1?:language=en-US&:display_count=n&:origin=viz_share_link)

<br>


## **[The World's Oldest Businesses](Worlds-Oldest-Businesses/)**
PostgreSQL data analysis project using data from BusinessFinancing.co.uk to examine:
- the world's oldest businesses: when were they founded, and which industries do they belong to?


<br>

## **[Analyzing USA Baby Name Trends](Analyzing-USA-Baby-Name-Trends/)**


PostgreSQL project for analyzing how American baby name tastes have changed since 1920
- classifying names as classic or trendy
- finding the top 10 male and female baby names overall
- finding top male and female name for each year
- which male name has been number one for the most number of years
